Errors that might occur during the presentation (#226)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/remote-flow.rst

  - ``client_metadata_uri``: string containing an HTTPS URL pointing to a resource where a JSON object with the Relying Party metadata can be retrieved. The ``client_metadata_uri`` parameter MUST NOT be present when ``client_id_scheme`` is ``entity_id``. Since the ``client_metadata`` is taken from ``trust_chain``, this parameter is intended to not be used.

Request URI Endpoint Errors
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> When the Reying Party encounters errors while issuing the Request Object from the ``request_uri`` endpoint, the following error responses are applicable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Relying Party encounters errors while issuing the Request Object from the ``request_uri`` endpoint, the following error responses are applicable:
```

The ``redirect_uri`` value MUST be used with an HTTP method GET by either the Wallet Instance or the user-agent to redirect the User to the Relying Party in order to complete the process. The specific entity that performs this action depends on whether the flow is Same device or Cross device.

Redirect URI Errors
-------------------

When the Wallet Instance sends the user-agent to the Redirect URI provided by the Relying Party, several errors may occur that prevent the successful completion of the process. These errors are critical as they directly impact the User experience by hindering the seamless flow of information between the Wallet Instance and the Relying Party. Below are potential errors related to the Redirect URI and their implications:

- **Mismatched Redirect URI**: This error occurs when the Redirect URI provided by the Relying Party does not match any of the URIs linked with the User session. This mismatch can lead to a HTTP status error code set to 403 (Forbidden), indicating that the request cannot be processed due session/URI mismatch.

> - **Redirect URI Security Issues**: If the Relying Party incours in security issues when evaluating te User session with the provided URI, the Relying Party MUST raise an error. In such cases, an HTTP status code set to 403 (Forbidden) MUST be returned, indicating that the request is valid but the server is refusing action due to security precautions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Redirect URI Security Issues**: If the Relying Party incurs in security issues when evaluating the User session with the provided URI, the Relying Party MUST raise an error. In such cases, an HTTP status code set to 403 (Forbidden) MUST be returned, indicating that the request is valid but the server is refusing action due to security precautions.
```
